README.md, before:

# BedrockAssistant

![Build](https://github.com/uc4w6c/BedrockAssistant/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID)

## Template ToDo list
- [x] Create a new [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] project.
- [ ] Get familiar with the [template documentation][template].
- [ ] Adjust the [pluginGroup](./gradle.properties) and [pluginName](./gradle.properties), as well as the [id](./src/main/resources/META-INF/plugin.xml) and [sources package](./src/main/kotlin).
- [ ] Adjust the plugin description in `README` (see [Tips][docs:plugin-description])
- [ ] Review the [Legal Agreements](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/legal-agreements.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] [Publish a plugin manually](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/publishing-plugin.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) for the first time.
- [ ] Set the `MARKETPLACE_ID` in the above README badges. You can obtain it once the plugin is published to JetBrains Marketplace.
- [ ] Set the [Plugin Signing](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-signing.html?from=IJPluginTemplate) related [secrets](https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template#environment-variables).
- [ ] Set the [Deployment Token](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/marketplace/plugin-upload.html?from=IJPluginTemplate).
- [ ] Click the <kbd>Watch</kbd> button on the top of the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template] to be notified about releases containing new features and fixes.

<!-- Plugin description -->
# Bedrock Assistant

Bedrock Assistant is an IntelliJ plugin designed to enhance your development process using Bedrock. By leveraging the power of AI, it simplifies and accelerates your coding tasks, allowing you to focus on what truly matters—building great software.

## Current Features

- **Analyze Code**: Gain deep insights into your code with our AI-driven analysis tools.
- **Generate Code**: Simply provide instructions, and AI will generate the corresponding code for you.

Stay tuned as we continue to expand the capabilities of Bedrock Assistant, bringing more powerful features to your fingertips.

**Download Bedrock Assistant today and unlock the potential of AI in your IntelliJ development workflow!**
<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "BedrockAssistant"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/MARKETPLACE_ID/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/uc4w6c/BedrockAssistant/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation

Commit message:

doc: add description on README

README.md, after:

# BedrockAssistant

![Build](https://github.com/uc4w6c/BedrockAssistant/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/26345-bedrockassistant)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/MARKETPLACE_ID.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/26345-bedrockassistant)

<!-- Plugin description -->
# Bedrock Assistant

Bedrock Assistant is an IntelliJ plugin designed to enhance your development process using Bedrock. By leveraging the power of AI, it simplifies and accelerates your coding tasks, allowing you to focus on what truly matters—building great software.

## Current Features

- **Analyze Code**: Gain deep insights into your code with our AI-driven analysis tools.
- **Generate Code**: Simply provide instructions, and AI will generate the corresponding code for you.

Stay tuned as we continue to expand the capabilities of Bedrock Assistant, bringing more powerful features to your fingertips.

**Download Bedrock Assistant today and unlock the potential of AI in your IntelliJ development workflow!**

## Usage
### Prerequisites
- AWS configuration files must exist
- Bedrock must be enabled
- This plugin must be installed

### Tool Configuration
1. Open **Preferences** -> **Tools** -> **BedrockAssistant**
2. Specify the target **Profile** and the **Region** where you want to use Bedrock

### Code Generation
1. Right-click on the source code and select **Generate code**
2. Enter instructions for the code you want to generate in the input field

<!-- Plugin description end -->

## Installation

- Using the IDE built-in plugin system:
  
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>Marketplace</kbd> > <kbd>Search for "BedrockAssistant"</kbd> >
  <kbd>Install</kbd>
  
- Using JetBrains Marketplace:

  Go to [JetBrains Marketplace](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/26345-bedrockassistant) and install it by clicking the <kbd>Install to ...</kbd> button in case your IDE is running.

  You can also download the [latest release](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/26345-bedrockassistant/versions) from JetBrains Marketplace and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

- Manually:

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/uc4w6c/BedrockAssistant/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>


---
Plugin based on the [IntelliJ Platform Plugin Template][template].

[template]: https://github.com/JetBrains/intellij-platform-plugin-template
[docs:plugin-description]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/plugin-user-experience.html#plugin-description-and-presentation
